[Bug #7080] Improve documentation for custom blocks in gridBlock (#7227)
plone/volto: docs/source/blocks/core/grid.md

    You could add different variations, `schemaEnhancers`, and so on.
    You could remove them as well, but only for blocks inside the grid block.

>     **Adding custom blocks to the grid:**
>     
>     When adding a custom block (like `countUpBlock`) to the grid, you need **both** configurations:
> 
>     ```js
>     // 1. Add the block to allowedBlocks
>     config.blocks.blocksConfig.gridBlock.allowedBlocks.push('countUpBlock');
>     
>     // 2. Add the block configuration to grid's blocksConfig
>     config.blocks.blocksConfig.gridBlock.blocksConfig = {
>       ...config.blocks.blocksConfig.gridBlock.blocksConfig,
>       countUpBlock: config.blocks.blocksConfig.countUpBlock,
>     };
>     ```
> 
>     **Customizing existing blocks in the grid:**
> 

Reviewer: This addition is for two of the grid block configuration settings, so it should be a new subsection and not within the `blocksConfig` configuration setting alone.

````suggestion

### Add custom blocks to a grid block

When adding a custom block—for example, `countUpBlock`—to the grid block, you need to use both the `allowedBlocks` and `blocksConfig` configuration settings.

First, add the block to `allowedBlocks`.

```js
config.blocks.blocksConfig.gridBlock.allowedBlocks.push('countUpBlock');
```

Then add the block configuration to the grid block's `blocksConfig`.

```js
config.blocks.blocksConfig.gridBlock.blocksConfig = {
  ...config.blocks.blocksConfig.gridBlock.blocksConfig,
  countUpBlock: config.blocks.blocksConfig.countUpBlock,
};
```

### Customize existing blocks in a grid block

````

I'm not sure what's going on here between this heading and the code that follows it. I'm also not sure whether it's needed, given the previous examples, but maybe it is useful.

In any case, keep the original version under the `blocksConfig` setting and indented, then duplicate and edit the code block so that it's under the new subheading, is dedented, and has both the `allowedBlocks` and `blocksConfig`. It also needs an introductory sentence to describe what's going on. Does that make sense?

    };
    ```

> ### Add custom blocks to a grid block

Reviewer: ```suggestion

(blocks-core-grid-add-custom)=
### Add custom blocks to a grid block
```

When working with the grid block, you need to use both the `allowedBlocks` and `blocksConfig` configuration settings.
Only adding a block to `allowedBlocks` is not enough.
The grid block uses its own `blocksConfig` to render inner blocks.

The following examples show how to add a custom block `countUpBlock` to a grid block's configuration settings.

First, add the block to `allowedBlocks`.

```js
config.blocks.blocksConfig.gridBlock.allowedBlocks.push('countUpBlock');
```

Then add the block configuration to the grid block's `blocksConfig`.

```js
config.blocks.blocksConfig.gridBlock.blocksConfig = {
  ...config.blocks.blocksConfig.gridBlock.blocksConfig,
  countUpBlock: config.blocks.blocksConfig.countUpBlock,
};
```

> **Customizing existing blocks in the grid:**

Reviewer: ```suggestion

### Customize existing blocks in a grid block
```

> You can also customize how existing blocks behave within the grid:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example shows how to customize the behavior of existing blocks within the grid.
```

**Adding custom blocks to the grid:**

When adding a custom block (like `countUpBlock`) to the grid, you need both configurations:

```js
// 1. Add the block to allowedBlocks
config.blocks.blocksConfig.gridBlock.allowedBlocks.push('countUpBlock');

// 2. Add the block configuration to grid's blocksConfig
config.blocks.blocksConfig.gridBlock.blocksConfig = {
  ...config.blocks.blocksConfig.gridBlock.blocksConfig,
  countUpBlock: config.blocks.blocksConfig.countUpBlock,
};
```

**Customizing existing blocks in the grid:**

You can also customize how existing blocks behave within the grid:

```js
config.blocks.blocksConfig.gridBlock.allowedBlocks = ['teaser', 'image', 'slate'];
config.blocks.blocksConfig.gridBlock.blocksConfig = {
  // You can customize the blocks inside the grid like this:
  ...config.blocks.blocksConfig.gridBlock.blocksConfig,
  teaser: {
    ...config.blocks.blocksConfig.gridBlock.blocksConfig.teaser,
    variations: [
      {
        id: 'default',
        isDefault: true,
        title: 'Default',
        template: DefaultBody,
      },
      {
        id: 'variation2',
        title: 'variation #2',
        template: DefaultBody2,
      },
    ],
  },
};

> ```

Reviewer: OK, but did you test this code sample to verify that it actually works?
